README.md, before:

# FOXy: Rebasing Rewards for FOX Stakers

## Ethereum Mainnet Addresses

Deployed [Tag 1.0.0](https://github.com/shapeshift/foxy/releases/tag/1.0.0)

[Audit from Zokyo](https://github.com/shapeshift/foxy/blob/main/docs/Zokyo_Security_Audit.pdf)

- FOXy - [0xDc49108ce5C57bc3408c3A5E95F3d864eC386Ed3](https://etherscan.io/address/0xDc49108ce5C57bc3408c3A5E95F3d864eC386Ed3)
- FOX - [0xc770EEfAd204B5180dF6a14Ee197D99d808ee52d](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc770EEfAd204B5180dF6a14Ee197D99d808ee52d)
- Staking -[0xee77aa3Fd23BbeBaf94386dD44b548e9a785ea4b](https://etherscan.io/address/0xee77aa3Fd23BbeBaf94386dD44b548e9a785ea4b)
- Liquidity Reserve - [0x8EC637Fe2800940C7959f9BAd4fE69e41225CD39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8EC637Fe2800940C7959f9BAd4fE69e41225CD39)

## Background

FOXy is a proposed staking rewards system that allows FOX token holders the ability to stake FOX into a smart contract in order to receive rewards denominated in FOXy. FOXy is an ERC20, rebasing token that is redeemable 1:1 with FOX tokens. The FOX rewards generated by the staking system are provided to the contract via the Shapeshift DAO’s treasury swapping for Tokemak’s TOKE rewards, but this project aims to provide a design that is extensible in the future for other alternative yield generating strategies. The ultimate goal is for FOX holders to have a simplified interface in which to earn yield on their FOX tokens that outperforms other avenues available to them without active management.

![Alt text](./docs/images/sFOX.png?raw=true "FOXy Diagram")

## Local development

### Run Tests

1. `yarn`
2. `yarn compile`
3. `yarn test` or `yarn coverage` will run the basic test examples.

### Other Commands

`yarn local-node` - used to run your own forked mainnet node locally

`yarn local-init` - used to initialize local-node and set up the FOXy contracts to use locally

`yarn local-mine` - used to mine to the next Tokemak cycle as well as sendWithdrawalRequests and rebase

Commit message:

update terminology to represent yieldy in readme

README.md, after:

# Yieldy: Rebasing Rewards for Token Stakers

## Ethereum Mainnet Addresses for FOXy

Deployed [Tag 1.0.0](https://github.com/shapeshift/foxy/releases/tag/1.0.0)

[Audit from Zokyo](https://github.com/shapeshift/foxy/blob/main/docs/Zokyo_Security_Audit.pdf)

- FOXy - [0xDc49108ce5C57bc3408c3A5E95F3d864eC386Ed3](https://etherscan.io/address/0xDc49108ce5C57bc3408c3A5E95F3d864eC386Ed3)
- FOX - [0xc770EEfAd204B5180dF6a14Ee197D99d808ee52d](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc770EEfAd204B5180dF6a14Ee197D99d808ee52d)
- Staking -[0xee77aa3Fd23BbeBaf94386dD44b548e9a785ea4b](https://etherscan.io/address/0xee77aa3Fd23BbeBaf94386dD44b548e9a785ea4b)
- Liquidity Reserve - [0x8EC637Fe2800940C7959f9BAd4fE69e41225CD39](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8EC637Fe2800940C7959f9BAd4fE69e41225CD39)

## Background

Yieldy is a staking rewards system that allows token holders the ability to stake the corresponding token into a smart contract in order to receive rewards denominated in the Yieldy version of that token.  For instance, if you have wETH and want to stake it into the wETH Yieldy staking contract, you will stake your wETH and receive wETHy back.  Yieldies are ERC20, rebasing tokens that are redeemable 1:1 with their corresponding token.  Yieldy rewards are generated by the staking system are provided to the contract via swapping Tokemak's TOKE rewards on chain through cowswap.  The ultimate goal of the yieldy project is to enable a variety of token holders to have a simplified interface in which to earn yield on their tokens that outperforms other avenues available to them without active management.


## High level architecture 
### Based on a Yieldy contract in which FOX is the base token
![Alt text](./docs/images/sFOX.png?raw=true "FOXy Diagram")

## Local development

### Run Tests

1. `yarn`
2. `yarn compile`
3. `yarn test` or `yarn coverage` will run the basic test examples.

### Other Commands

`yarn local-node` - used to run your own forked mainnet node locally

`yarn local-init` - used to initialize local-node and set up the FOXy contracts to use locally

`yarn local-mine` - used to mine to the next Tokemak cycle as well as sendWithdrawalRequests and rebase
